In this video, I'm going to give you coverage
on the concept of how this works.
It's very straightforward.
You read a file, you give Claude a file,
Claude does the work, Claude asks you questions.
You answer those questions, Claude does the work
and that loop refines over and over.
These are the different modules.
You would have done the installation, as I said,
and then here you've got co-pilot.
I'm going to skip this module just for now.
So if we go to module number one,
what we have here is two files.
Read me file, the file that you read.
So it explains the concept of the Claude MD.
Click the other file, which is, as you can see here,
Claude MD self-drive.
You click on it, you copy the path,
come here, you paste it, okay,
and then you give that to Claude.
Claude will walk you through all the steps.
You understand the concepts of here
of what the MDs for, in your case,
you're doing business automation.
Most of these guys in the audience won't be,
created two other files here, the question helper,
and then the problem solver.
These are the two files, between them,
again, you would read them.
If you're getting stuck somewhere,
you can give it to Claude.
And then Claude can walk you through the steps.
You can ask Claude, can you interview me
to walk through issues as well?
Try and see this as you're having a conversation
with Claude and Claude does all the heavy lifting.
There's no such thing as a wrong question to ask, okay?
And over time, within a matter of days,
it's all about the time investment,
you start to fly and it will click
like it does with everyone else who uses Claude.
Number two, this is the master log.
You got the read me file.
So it's got mermaid diagrams here.
Kept it quite simple for you
to not get overwhelmed reading this.
And then you take the self drive, you right click it,
you copy the path and you paste to Claude.
And then you just hit return.
Now, again, you're gonna walk through the steps.
Then you'll complete that module, you go to number three.
Now, we'll get on to module number four, which is MCPs.
Each of these stages is walking you
from the very easiest to the most advanced.
So once you start hitting this stage,
this is where it starts to get a little bit more tricky
and you'll slow down moving through the modules.
So again, read about what are MPCs and why they matter,
what you will learn, how the self drive process works.
So again, it's here.
And then you take the file, you right click it,
copy path, paste to Claude.
You complete that.
You might have, again, some additional files.
You don't have to look at those files
at any point other two files.
You go through the read me file.
And then you give that to Claude,
which is the agent self drive file.
And that's pretty much it.
Now, if you want to, at the end of the workshop feedback,
what this does is I wrote a logic or Claude did
so that it can do two things.
One, it will give you a feedback
based on your session files
on where you're doing well
and where you would need to improve.
That means you haven't got to keep going back
through the modules.
Secondly, the other is you can run a diagnostics
and then you can give that to me.
Now, because this is not only self drive itself improving,
what does that mean?
It means that when I get the diagnostics file,
I can feed that back into Claude, into the course.
And then we can look at any other gaps
where people got stuck.
So this is asking questions.
Hopefully that helps come back to me with any questions
or even better, ask Claude.
